describe pre-commit + pre-commit.ci (#77)
yt-project/yt-4.0-paper: content/15.development_procedure.md

### Code Styling and Linting

For code included in ``yt``, a set of styles are enforced.

We rely on the [``pre-commit``](https://pre-commit.com) framework, which enables automated checks as well as automatic fixes at commit time.
This tool is an opt-in so not every "drive-by" contributor has to learn and install it, but continuous linting is provided by [pre-commit.ci](https://pre-commit.ci) so styling errors cannot slip in.

> We configure `pre-commit` to run a mixed bag of formatters and static checkers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We configure `pre-commit` to run a mixture of formatters and static checkers.
```

("mixed bag" is often used slightly differently, to communicate a value judgment)

Author: I thought it did, but wasn't sure, thanks for having my back !

> The former modify the code in place, while the latter only report errors and code smells (such as undefined variables, unused imports, bare `except` statements...) but let human developers fix them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The former modify the code in place, while the latter only report errors and so-called "code smells" (such as undefined variables, unused imports, bare `except` statements...) but require human developers fix them.
```

Our suite of formatter most proeminently includes
[``black``](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/),
[``isort``](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) and
[``pyupgrade``](https://github.com/asottile/pyupgrade).
``black`` has been designed to maximize readability with as few free parameters as possible
(In many ways, the fact that most of the ``yt`` code developers did not utilize this style before it was enforced likely enabled its uptake, as it was seen as a choice that "made everyone compromise."),
while ``isort`` ensures that all ``import`` statements are sorted (according to alphabetical order within a first/second/third-party categorization), and ``pyupgrade`` modernizes some Python idioms according to our minimal support version of the language.
In particular, ``pyupgrade`` enforces the usage of modern Python ["f-strings"](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/inputoutput.html#formatted-string-literals) since we do not support Python version older than 3.6.

> For static code analysis we rely on the [``flake8``](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) framework (an possibly mypy for the specialized task of type checking ??)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For static code analysis we rely on the [``flake8``](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) framework.
Effort is underway to enable using `mypy` for the specialized task of type checking, but this is far from completion.
```

Author: actually not that far. Merging https://github.com/yt-project/yt/pull/3546 would suffice making yt "type-checked". Of course there's a lot more that we can do from there to _improve typing_, but as long as we are able to run mypy without error, we're "type-checked" !

Reviewer: I agree
